
[24/05/16 9:35:04 pm] Sarah Prouting: Hi there! Is everyone ready for the meeting?

[24/05/16 9:42:06 pm] Sarah Prouting: C'mon team! We said we'd meet online at 9:30, and there is a lot of stuff to cover!

[24/05/16 9:44:45 pm] Gabby: Hi

[24/05/16 9:45:02 pm] Sarah Prouting: Hi Gabby!

[24/05/16 9:45:37 pm] Sarah Prouting: Okay, while we wait for 
Wayne I'll fill you in on the outcome of the meeting with Jim today.

[24/05/16 9:46:46 pm] Sarah Prouting: He said that since it is clear we have not all made the same contribution, then it is not fair to all share marks across the project.

[24/05/16 9:48:51 pm] Sarah Prouting: So.. we must be very clear about who is responsible for which part of the report, and we will each be marked separately, and only marked on the parts which we contribute to.
For example, we must state that you are the author of the Tool Guide, and only you will get marks for the tool guide. Does that make sense so far?

[24/05/16 9:54:13 pm] Gabby: Yeah

[24/05/16 9:56:45 pm] Sarah Prouting: Cool.
Jim knows that I am going to do the Practice Guide, you are doing the Tool Guide and Wayne is doing the Learning Package. I am worried that the work you put in to researching scrum may not be acknowledged - since it didn't end up in the report there is nothing to show for your work - I encourage you to consider adding your notes to the evidence!!

[24/05/16 9:57:29 pm] Sarah Prouting: Anyway - I think we can use the team wiki on Blackboard to specify just who has written which part of the report.

[24/05/16 9:57:58 pm] Sarah Prouting: Any thoughts on that?

[24/05/16 10:03:38 pm] Gabby: It's okay. I don't mind really.

[24/05/16 10:03:45 pm] Gabby: And it's fine with me

[24/05/16 10:04:05 pm] Sarah Prouting: Great. :-)

[24/05/16 10:06:14 pm] Sarah Prouting: So now to #2 out of the things which we should discuss - Wayne can't start a learning package until he knows of a Practice & Tool which we will be recommending, and you can't recommend some tools until you know the practices - So I'd like to brainstorm some practices which we all agree the case #3 project should be using

[24/05/16 10:08:40 pm] Sarah Prouting: yi wu are you there?!

[24/05/16 10:09:51 pm] Gabby: Okay

[24/05/16 10:10:02 pm] Gabby: So crystal

[24/05/16 10:12:47 pm] Sarah Prouting: Yep, so we can think of Crystal as being the overall approach or guideline which directs the way the project should run. And within Crystal there are some practices which should be followed.

[24/05/16 10:13:33 pm] Gabby: Practices like..?

[24/05/16 10:13:41 pm] Sarah Prouting: A good question!

[24/05/16 10:17:24 pm] Sarah Prouting: Crystal says that one of the Properties of Crystal is: Frequent Delivery. This ensures feedback on progress, that the users can feedback on how well the requirements are being met, developers can keep their focus and the team gets a morale boost from their accomplishments.
So ... what practices or techniques have we learnt about in class which would help a team deliver value frequently?

[24/05/16 10:19:58 pm] Sarah Prouting: I can think of a Scrum Sprint being a good way to ensure frequent delivery, what do you think?

[24/05/16 10:28:23 pm] Sarah Prouting: Would you rather I put up a list of the practices and you can choose tools to achieve them?

[24/05/16 10:29:31 pm] Sarah Prouting: It might be quicker that way.
 I called Wayne and he's not at home. He said he will come 
online when he get's home but we might be finished by then!!

[24/05/16 11:01:19 pm] Sarah Prouting: Okay, I’ll do it first thing in the morning and let you know when it’s done.

[24/05/16 11:01:40 pm] Gabby: Yes list them up relates to crystal

[24/05/16 11:02:13 pm] Sarah Prouting: Remember that this sprint finishes on Thursday and everything needs to be completed so that on Friday we can do the team retrospective and also our own reflections.

[24/05/16 11:02:30 pm] Sarah Prouting: the project is due at 5pm on Friday.

[24/05/16 11:14:03 pm] Gabby: Online submission?

[24/05/16 11:15:11 pm] Sarah Prouting: The team wiki in blackboard will point to it, so we’ll need to make a link which the lecturer can click on to get to the report.